Our providers as a team were very helpful throughout the process with prompt and helpful replies. No complains :)
Regarding their codebase, it was most definitely functional. However, there were a couple of unusual
design decisions made by them during the development process as listed below. 

- Redundancy in logically similar code 
There were multiple instances of logically the same code (for example, in the case of 
KeyAdapter, our providers had two instances of the adapter; one of them was an external class while the other
was a private class in the view). Therefore, when a key was being clicked, both of these instances were being
called upon. After talking to our providers, we were told that one of them was redundant and unnecessary (the external 
class) since that code was the remnants of previous iterations. Essentially, we were told that it could remain 
as a stub. However, in the debugging process, we noticed that even this method required the view to be refreshed. 
This did turn out to be a little frustrating. 

- Conflating idea of ReversiController with Feature Listeners (composition could have worked better)
Our providers chose to use inheritance instead of composition which resulted in difficulty in being able to 
adapt only the listeners. We were forced to adapt the whole controller interface even though it was not 
completely necessary. This is proven by the numerous stub methods in the `ControllerAdapter` class. Also,
though it semantically did not make too much sense (since their controller extended a logical equivalent of 
`PlayerFeatures`), we were forced to implement their controller interface while extending our `PlayerFeaturesImpl`. 

- Model implementing ModelFeatures
The `ReversiModel` was a listener itself. This listener interface was responsible for receiving turn switching 
information and move playing information to the players. However, the decision of making a model a listener itself 
deviated from its original purpose statement. It led to multiple stubs while we implemented the 
`ModelAdapter` (which was implementing the `ReversiModel`) as these methods were simply not needed.

- README was hard to digest
Our providers used a text file instead of a markdown file, significantly reducing the readability of the document.
Moreover, the README file lacked significant information about the coordinate system being used by our providers.

- Lack of certain view features
It was a little frustrating because our provider's code did have design decisions that differed from us; 
for instance, their view did not support prompting the user when it is their as well as hints for how 
many cells would be captured given a selected cell. This functionality that our code provided was diminished
when our code adapted to their view implementation.